Add Adhara design documentation (#65)
hyperledger-labs/harmonia: docs/adhara/ethereum_proof_verification.md

9. `number`: A scalar value equal to the number of ancestor blocks.
10. `gasLimit`: A scalar value equal to the current limit of gas expenditure per block.
11. `gasUsed`: A scalar value equal to the total gas used in transactions in this block.
12. `timestamp`: A scalar value equal to the time at which the block was mined.
13. `extraData`: An arbitrary byte array containing data relevant to this block.
14. `mixHash`: A 256-bit hash. When combined with the nonce proves that a sufficient amount of work has been carried out on this block.
15. `nonce`: A 256-bit hash. When combined with the mixHash proves that a sufficient amount of work has been carried out on this block.

The verification of an EEA-compliant Ethereum block header proof consists of:

1. verifying that the block header and block header preimage match up and hash to the block hash that was signed over.
2. verifying that the transaction receipts root extracted from the verified block header match up with the root provided in the proof.
3. verifying a Merkle inclusion proof for the given logs in the receipts tree.
4. verifying the provided validator signatures over the block header containing the receipts tree root.

> 5. verifying that at least half the onboarded validators' signatures are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. verifying that a super-majority (greater than or equal to 2/3) of the onboarded validators' signatures are present.
```
https://docs.goquorum.consensys.io/configure-and-manage/configure/consensus-protocols/qbft

Author: Do you want to change the code as well?

Author: Will correct.

## Building the proof

> The encoding format of the `encodedInfo` and `encodedProof` parameters for  block header event attestation proofs are described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The encoding format of the `encodedInfo` and `encodedProof` parameters for block header event attestation proofs are described below.
```

  uint256 sigV;
  bytes meta;
}

struct Proof {
  uint256 typ;
  ProofData proofData;
  Signature[] signatures;
}
```
The `BlockHeaderMeta` structure contains the Ethereum block header metadata where:

* `rlpBlockHeader` is the rlp-encoded block header.
* `rlpBlockHeaderPreimage` is the rlp-encoded block header preimage.

The `ProofData` structure contains the Merkle Patricia tree inclusion proof data where:

* `witnesses` is the Merkle inclusion proof witnesses.
* `root` is the block receipt root.
* `blockHash` is the block hash.
* `blockHeaderMeta` is the abi-encoded `BlockHeaderMeta` structure.

The `Signature` structure contains an EEA-compliant signature where:

* `by` is the 160-bit derived Ethereum address of the validator.
* `sigR` is the ECDSA signature's R value.
* `sigS` is the ECDSA signature's S value.
* `sigV` is the ECDSA signature's V value.
* `meta` is the signature meta data.

The `Proof` structure contains the EEA-compliant proof consisting of proof data and signatures where:

* `proofData` is the abi-encoded `ProofData` structure, e.g. witnesses, flags and values.
* `signatures` is the abi-encoded array of `Signature` structures.

## Verifying the proof

> The Ethereum block header proof is verified on-chain by a Solidity contract. In alignment with the EEA DTL interoperability specification, the Solidity function that performs the verification is called `decodeAndVerify` and belongs to the `ICrosschainVerifier` interface. This interface and function is defined as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum block header proof is verified on-chain by a Solidity contract. In alignment with the EEA DLT interoperability specification, the Solidity function that performs the verification is called `decodeAndVerify` and belongs to the `ICrosschainVerifier` interface. This interface and function signature is defined as follows:
```
